How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

it helped by allowing me to see
what lines were changed in each file
and telling me which line of the code
the change was made on.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

It will allow the programmer to
see differences in new version of the program
and allow them to monitor for typos and malpractice

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

It saves you from having a lot
of bugged code by saving whenever you make a good change
in your code that for sure works. Rather than saving in the middle of
a line, or perhaps after adding an improper line of code/typo

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because Git was made for coding and with that in mind,
coding often uses multiple files for the same function.
If only one file was changed, in say, an object oriented language
where you called a function from a class, then it would be incomplete.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

If you use git log, it will bring up a list of previous commits to a repository. Were you can choose two different commit IDs to use with git diff, which will show you the differences between the two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Knowing that I will always be able to go back to a previous commit where the bug was not active would allow me to be confident when making changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I plan on using it in every project tat I do from now on to ensure proper practice when fixing bugs and adding new features.